"For that reason," he said, "behind." "But otherwise, absolute truth, relative truths are insepar
able. There is no separations at all, absolute truth."
"How is that relative truth?" "Absolute truth is," and we started many times, and you heard this,
and I heard you heard that.
"This absolute truth is," the great Master of the generation, what it says, "is beyond the
conservatives."
"Beyond the conservatives, it is free from all the complexities, and it is so peaceful."
"There is no purpose, it is total peace, total one even, if I use the word even, total even status
."
"It is not going to be seen by this duality mind in it." "That's why we don't see." "But it is
going to be seen by your own eye, your own eye of intelligence."
"Intelligence and the wisdom are, you are going to see that." "That is the nature of this
everything," what this great Master said.
"See, this is the absolute truth." "That is the absolute truth."
"When we realize that nature, exactly as it is, merging our intelligence with that nature, insepar
able without any divisions, and that is known as then, a Vipassana, meditation."
"Relancing that name, merge status, exactly as in that status, status, status."
"And then, what do you bring? All the realization, true nature, calm and peaceful, that everything
kind of burns down, and all that will shine one after another."
"And that is, therefore, this is, are you able to do these practices?"
"Yes." "And now, again, that's this great Master."
"Have you ever realized this nature?" "Natural, and be in that status."
"If you can keep up that practice, have realized it, and that's what the great Master said."
"There is nothing better realization, or better than anything in this world." "There is nothing
better, and better than that."
"That will remove, or pacify, and transcend that, or release all our obstacles, and all the suffer
ings, all the difficulties, and all the troubles, and that is, it will immediately release."
"Because this is understanding of the absolute nature, it will release." "What it will release?"
"It will remove, instantly, the grasping, clinging, according to this of our realization."
"Those grasping, what was in teaching said, those are the grasping of the individualist, grasping
to the phenomenal existence."
"That will release, according to that." "And that again, great Masters, what is it?"
"Again, in his teachings, this great Master, Nagarjuna said, in the garland of the jewel."
"The jewel, whatever, garland of the jewels." "And he said, as long as you grasping to the five
aggregate, with as eagle, or five aggregate, that long we will have, or that individually, well
have the emoji and the garments."
"As long as we grasping to the aggregates, that long, that individually, have the ego clinging."
"As long as ego clinging, that long you have the emotions, and the activities, or the result, the
consequence, as scars."
"And as long as karma and kicking up the karma and emotion continually maintain, that long the sams
ara is continuous, that long samsara."
"That means samsara means troubles, difficulties, uncomfortable troubles, unsatisfied violence,
that will continue."
"So that means a real understanding of the absolute nature." "Nature and the brain that relaxes." "
Practice, as the Vibhacham and the Chama, inseparably, as together, putting that direction."
"What are you going to do?" "It will release, gradually, according to our practice of meditation."
"The grasping." And the teaching said, "What? Always the great 20-part hero used to say that."
"First, according to the teaching, according to Jain and Mahayana we can understand, positive will
reduce the grasping of the ego gradually."
"And say, ego's kind of like is immediately easy to deal, in a way. It is highlighted among that."
"And then second, gradually, well, till then, the general classmates, greatly different."
"So once the ego is developed, as Navardhana said here, and as all the great masters you say, I
mean all the schools are very Buddhism."
"You say, as soon, as long as you have the realization of the egolessness, the karma is finished."
"That means that emotions are gross emotions of pleasure."
"Gross emotions are gone and karma is gone."
"Because of that, for example, what reference you said?"
"Arhata was not totally enlightened beings, or as Buddhas."
"But however, they defeated the ego."
"They defeated the ego, therefore, they become the pre from the samsara."
"So that means free from the karma, free from the circles."
"Circle existent things."
"They are free from that circle existent things."
"Because they defeated the ego."
"As the great master said here, as long as you grasp into the aggregate, that long you have the ego
cleanings."
"As long as you have the ego cleanings, that long you have the emotion in the karma."
"As long as you have the karma in the emotion, there is continuation of the samsara."
"It's ongoing."
"We can't stop samsara because cause and conduct are perfectly intact."
"Again, of course, it's interdependent all that."
"Therefore, it will not stop."
"But cause or fundamental cause of the samsara and difficulty troubles is the grasp of clinging to
the individuals."
"Which is known as grasp, or which is known as ego cleanings."
"That is the one."
"And with this understanding, again, in the Dzokhi meditation, what we do?"
"We do not know immediately, Kannada, as the ego, or this and that, this."
"But we relax in the natural state."
"We combine about Kannada, Vibhana, or the Dzokhi token in several levels."
"So therefore, we deal in the deep, not just the kind of like, this kind of like..."
"This, this locator, this locator in the ego itself."
"You can, we deal with all the tokens in subcontainers."
"That is also not externally moving with that, but in the Dzokhi teaching."
"You are immediately going to the right source of self in the mind."
"And relaxing in there, and within the mental state."
"We in the hell that deal with us and then, both the attachment."
"Both graspings."
"Clear graspings of the ego, and graspings of the phenomena that instantly exist."
"And eliminated, Dzokhi teaching, as great Kettipati Hirabudu said."
"And when a great master made it, all the same, same said."
"That moment, therefore Dzokhi teaching, the Vaidyana teaching is so swift, so exotic."
"It goes to the target, not going to the branches."
"It goes directly there."
"So either way, of course, this is more teachings on the Mahayana systems."
"So therefore, with this understanding, have you meditated?"
"Any meditating that establishes you, or resists you, such as meditating."
"With beautiful postures, beautiful intentions, beautiful thought."
"Those beautiful and long second thoughts."
"You, in the devotion, in the body together."
"Bring up those simple inequality in the heart of the mind."
"Let's settle ourselves."
"We are not going to become as a Gypsy all the time."
"Running, running, trying."
"Really, when you have time, when you have space, we should use the target."
"We are not just going to kind of wander off and try to do this and that thing."
"Try to, I mean, of course, we have to take care of the samsara."
"Activating our, take care of that."
"But also, same time, try to spend some time to practice."
"The meditate is something that makes meaning for our lives."
"Very rewarded to ourself, and something that also goes with that, according to the teachings."
"This samsara, you can activate it, whatever we do."
"No matter how much rich, how much powerful, how much things we have."
"All lived behind."
"Nothing really will fall there with us."
"But something that we develop mentally, something that with mind."
"Mind is traveling with us."
"Mind goes with us."
"So therefore, whatever we develop, we do something with this, our mind."
"Mind, that is, will make a difference."
"By the political court, this time talking, we could use such as very dirty."
"Love and compare, kindness, joy, and then relax, bring more devotion."
"That means, devotion is not just one way directly that, but devotion means joy and everything."
"Respect with the richness, richness that is surrounded."
"Surrounded and settle ourselves."
"Settle, we have to settle."
"I mean, the Buddha teaching, what do you call it?"
"Samsara's Seno name is wondrous."
"Truly we are wondrous."
"But at least where do we have the opportunity?"
"Where do we have the capabilities?"
"Where do every situation and circumstance in our own hand?"
"We try to settle, make the difference."
"According to Buddha teaching, nobody is going to make a difference from our side to ours."
"We are going to stop."
"We are to pass the jump."
"Have to jump."
"Jump, and then support will come."
"Help will come."
"That is what is this."
So therefore, this is the absolute, brilliant meaning of that.